cleanup needed:

1) infer Metadata for loads directly....
4) remove SType, only Dtype from now on... (check which queries don't work)
3) identity via hashes: use id + hashes? (hashes to identify potentially
equal values, idendity to identify actual sharing)...
2) boilerplate passes: can we use external libraries?
5) sanity check?
6) is semisort needed?
7) join path deduction for joins between tables that are indirectly
related by fk constraints.

---
command line args vs config. should use a single object? or at least
use same names for options that are just being forwarded?

right now process for command line args is:

add declaration to type
add cmdargs defaults/help etc.
add argument to makeConfig
pass argument to makeconfig
(one more annoying thing: name used in cmdargs is slightly different from that in config
due to record name conflict problem...)
make config passes it to config object.

----------------


Three representations (Vlite -> Vdl on Vecs -> Vdl on refs)

When adding a new operation

1) Add constructor and print method... (bc default print is bad here)
2) add inferMetadata method for constructor
2.5) add memoized optimizer traversal method for constructor (error prone, boilerplate)
3) add translation step for constructor Vlite -> Vdl on vecs
4) add translation step  for Vdl vec -> Vdl ref
5) add printer method


then:
find location in Mplan that will emit operation.

--------
Building up a vector in level n requires the vectors in level n-1
as well as metadata about them
(eg, their lengths and bounds on their values)
we would like to make sure after we are done building up level n-1
the next level has the metadata available.
(ie, call the function)
this is already enforced by the types right now, but
I have to remember to call the function everywhere.

I do want the option of modifying the value if needed.

Is it possible to do this in a more implicit way?

ie I write fun :: CVec -> Vec. and chain with another
function CVec -> Vec by having the completion happen

------

having a recursive data type parametrized on the nested type (in order to decorate it with extra info). seems more painful in haskell than I'd like it to be...

Eg. Vd W vs Vd Int...

-----
records are tied to a constructor definition and cannot be used
separately from the constructor.
and any function taking in the full constructor + record must
also handle any other variants of the same data type.
this is annoying...

records create a function for each member of type :: Type -> Member type.
This allows multiple variants of the same type that have a same
member name share the accessor (unless the return type is different)

on the other hand, variants of different types 
-------------
